IBM base license agreement

International License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs

Part 1 - General Terms

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING, ACCESSING, CLICKING ON AN "ACCEPT" BUTTON,
OR OTHERWISE USING THE PROGRAM, LICENSEE AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF LICENSEE, YOU REPRESENT AND
WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL AUTHORITY TO BIND LICENSEE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS,

* DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, ACCESS, CLICK ON AN "ACCEPT" BUTTON, OR USE
THE PROGRAM; AND

* PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED MEDIA AND DOCUMENTATION TO THE PARTY FROM WHOM IT
WAS OBTAINED FOR A REFUND OF THE AMOUNT PAID. IF THE PROGRAM WAS DOWNLOADED,
DESTROY ALL COPIES OF THE PROGRAM.

1. Definitions

"Authorized Use" - the specified level at which Licensee is authorized to
execute or run the Program. That level may be measured by number of users,
millions of service units ("MSUs"), Processor Value Units ("PVUs"), or other
level of use specified by IBM.

"IBM" - International Business Machines Corporation or one of its subsidiaries.

"License Information" ("LI") - a document that provides information and any
additional terms specific to a Program. The Program's LI is available at
www.ibm.com/software/sla. The LI can also be found in the Program's directory,
by the use of a system command, or as a booklet included with the Program.

"Program" - the following, including the original and all whole or partial
copies: 1) machine-readable instructions and data, 2) components, files, and
modules, 3) audio-visual content (such as images, text, recordings, or
pictures), and 4) related licensed materials (such as keys and documentation).

2. Agreement Structure

This Agreement includes Part 1 - General Terms, Part 2 - Country-unique Terms
(if any) and the LI and is the complete agreement between Licensee and IBM
regarding the use of the Program. It replaces any prior oral or written
communications between Licensee and IBM concerning Licensee's use of the
Program. The terms of Part 2 may replace or modify those of Part 1. To the
extent of any conflict, the LI prevails over both Parts.

3. License Grant

The Program is owned by IBM or an IBM supplier, and is copyrighted and
licensed, not sold.

IBM grants Licensee a nonexclusive license to 1) use the Program up to the
Authorized Use specified in the invoice, 2) make and install copies to support
such Authorized Use, and 3) make a backup copy, all provided that

a. Licensee has lawfully obtained the Program and complies with the terms of
this Agreement;

b. the backup copy does not execute unless the backed-up Program cannot
execute;

c. Licensee reproduces all copyright notices and other legends of ownership on
each copy, or partial copy, of the Program;

d. Licensee ensures that anyone who uses the Program (accessed either locally
or remotely) 1) does so only on Licensee's behalf and 2) complies with the
terms of this Agreement;

e. Licensee does not 1) use, copy, modify, or distribute the Program except as
expressly permitted in this Agreement; 2) reverse assemble, reverse compile,
otherwise translate, or reverse engineer the Program, except as expressly
permitted by law without the possibility of contractual waiver; 3) use any of
the Program's components, files, modules, audio-visual content, or related
licensed materials separately from that Program; or 4) sublicense, rent, or
lease the Program; and

f. if Licensee obtains this Program as a Supporting Program, Licensee uses this
Program only to support the Principal Program and subject to any limitations in
the license to the Principal Program, or, if Licensee obtains this Program as a
Principal Program, Licensee uses all Supporting Programs only to support this
Program, and subject to any limitations in this Agreement. For purposes of this
Item "f," a "Supporting Program" is a Program that is part of another IBM
Program ("Principal Program") and identified as a Supporting Program in the
Principal Program's LI. (To obtain a separate license to a Supporting Program
without these restrictions, Licensee should contact the party from whom
Licensee obtained the Supporting Program.)

This license applies to each copy of the Program that Licensee makes.

3.1 Trade-ups, Updates, Fixes, and Patches

3.1.1 Trade-ups

If the Program is replaced by a trade-up Program, the replaced Program's
license is promptly terminated.

3.1.2 Updates, Fixes, and Patches

When Licensee receives an update, fix, or patch to a Program, Licensee accepts
any additional or different terms that are applicable to such update, fix, or
patch that are specified in its LI. If no additional or different terms are
provided, then the update, fix, or patch is subject solely to this Agreement.
If the Program is replaced by an update, Licensee agrees to promptly
discontinue use of the replaced Program.

3.2 Fixed Term Licenses

If IBM licenses the Program for a fixed term, Licensee's license is terminated
at the end of the fixed term, unless Licensee and IBM agree to renew it.

3.3 Term and Termination

This Agreement is effective until terminated.

IBM may terminate Licensee's license if Licensee fails to comply with the terms
of this Agreement.

If the license is terminated for any reason by either party, Licensee agrees to
promptly discontinue use of and destroy all of Licensee's copies of the
Program. Any terms of this Agreement that by their nature extend beyond
termination of this Agreement remain in effect until fulfilled, and apply to
both parties' respective successors and assignees.

4. Charges

Charges, if any, are based on Authorized Use obtained, which is specified in
the invoice. IBM does not give credits or refunds for charges already due or
paid, except as specified elsewhere in this Agreement.

If Licensee wishes to increase its Authorized Use, Licensee must notify IBM or
an authorized IBM reseller in advance and pay any applicable charges.

5. Taxes

If any authority imposes on the Program a duty, tax, levy, or fee, excluding
those based on IBM's net income, then Licensee agrees to pay that amount, as
specified in an invoice, or supply exemption documentation. Licensee is
responsible for any personal property taxes for the Program from the date that
Licensee obtains it. If any authority imposes a customs duty, tax, levy, or fee
for the import into or the export, transfer, access, or use of the Program
outside the country in which the original Licensee was granted the license,
then Licensee agrees that it is responsible for, and will pay, any amount
imposed.

6. Money-back Guarantee

If Licensee is dissatisfied with the Program for any reason and is the original
Licensee, Licensee may terminate the license and obtain a refund of the amount
Licensee paid, if any, for the Program, provided that Licensee returns the
Program to the party from whom Licensee obtained it within 30 days of the
invoice date. If the license is for a fixed term that is subject to renewal,
then Licensee may obtain a refund only if the Program is returned within the
first 30 days of the initial term. If Licensee downloaded the Program, Licensee
should contact the party from whom Licensee obtained it for instructions on how
to obtain the refund.

7. Program Transfer

Licensee may transfer the Program and all of Licensee's license rights and
obligations to another party only if that party agrees to the terms of this
Agreement. If the license is terminated for any reason by either party,
Licensee is prohibited from transferring the Program to another party. Licensee
may not transfer a portion of 1) the Program or 2) the Program's Authorized
Use. When Licensee transfers the Program, Licensee must also transfer a hard
copy of this Agreement, including the LI. Immediately after the transfer,
Licensee's license terminates.

8. No Warranties

SUBJECT TO ANY STATUTORY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, IBM MAKES NO
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE PROGRAM OR SUPPORT,
IF ANY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF NON-INFRINGEMENT.

SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE. IN THAT EVENT,
SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE MINIMUM PERIOD REQUIRED BY LAW.
NO WARRANTIES APPLY AFTER THAT PERIOD. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE. LICENSEE MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY
FROM STATE TO STATE OR JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.

THE DISCLAIMERS AND EXCLUSIONS IN THIS SECTION 8 ALSO APPLY TO ANY OF IBM'S
PROGRAM DEVELOPERS AND SUPPLIERS.

MANUFACTURERS, SUPPLIERS, OR PUBLISHERS OF NON-IBM PROGRAMS MAY PROVIDE THEIR
OWN WARRANTIES.

IBM DOES NOT PROVIDE SUPPORT OF ANY KIND, UNLESS IBM SPECIFIES OTHERWISE. IN
SUCH EVENT, ANY SUPPORT PROVIDED BY IBM IS SUBJECT TO THE DISCLAIMERS AND
EXCLUSIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.

9. Licensee Data and Databases

To assist Licensee in isolating the cause of a problem with the Program, IBM
may request that Licensee 1) allow IBM to remotely access Licensee's system or
2) send Licensee information or system data to IBM. However, IBM is not
obligated to provide such assistance unless IBM and Licensee enter a separate
written agreement under which IBM agrees to provide to Licensee that type of
support, which is beyond IBM's obligations in this Agreement. In any event, IBM
uses information about errors and problems to improve its products and
services, and assist with its provision of related support offerings. For these
purposes, IBM may use IBM entities and subcontractors (including in one or more
countries other than the one in which Licensee is located), and Licensee
authorizes IBM to do so.

Licensee remains responsible for 1) any data and the content of any database
Licensee makes available to IBM, 2) the selection and implementation of
procedures and controls regarding access, security, encryption, use, and
transmission of data (including any personally-identifiable data), and 3)
backup and recovery of any database and any stored data. Licensee will not send
or provide IBM access to any personally-identifiable information, whether in
data or any other form, and will be responsible for reasonable costs and other
amounts that IBM may incur relating to any such information mistakenly provided
to IBM or the loss or disclosure of such information by IBM, including those
arising out of any third party claims.

10. Limitation of Liability

The limitations and exclusions in this Section 10 (Limitation of Liability)
apply to the full extent they are not prohibited by applicable law without the
possibility of contractual waiver.

10.1 Items for Which IBM May Be Liable

Circumstances may arise where, because of a default on IBM's part or other
liability, Licensee is entitled to recover damages from IBM. Regardless of the
basis on which Licensee is entitled to claim damages from IBM (including
fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort
claim), IBM's entire liability for all claims in the aggregate arising from or
related to each Program or otherwise arising under this Agreement will not
exceed the amount of any 1) damages for bodily injury (including death) and
damage to real property and tangible personal property and 2) other actual
direct damages up to the charges (if the Program is subject to fixed term
charges, up to twelve months' charges) Licensee paid for the Program that is
the subject of the claim.

This limit also applies to any of IBM's Program developers and suppliers. It is
the maximum for which IBM and its Program developers and suppliers are
collectively responsible.

10.2 Items for Which IBM Is Not Liable

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES IS IBM, ITS PROGRAM DEVELOPERS OR SUPPLIERS LIABLE FOR
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY:

a. LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO, DATA;

b. SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY ECONOMIC
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; OR

c. LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS.

11. Compliance Verification

For purposes of this Section 11 (Compliance Verification), "ILAN Program Terms"
means 1) this Agreement and applicable amendments and transaction documents
provided by IBM, and 2) IBM software policies that may be found at the IBM
Software Policy website (www.ibm.com/softwarepolicies), including but not
limited to those policies concerning backup, sub-capacity pricing, and
migration.

The rights and obligations set forth in this Section 11 remain in effect during
the period the Program is licensed to Licensee, and for two years thereafter.

11.1 Verification Process

Licensee agrees to create, retain, and provide to IBM and its auditors accurate
written records, system tool outputs, and other system information sufficient
to provide auditable verification that Licensee's use of all Programs is in
compliance with the ILAN Program Terms, including, without limitation, all of
IBM's applicable licensing and pricing qualification terms. Licensee is
responsible for 1) ensuring that it does not exceed its Authorized Use, and 2)
remaining in compliance with ILAN Program Terms.

Upon reasonable notice, IBM may verify Licensee's compliance with ILAN Program
Terms at all sites and for all environments in which Licensee uses (for any
purpose) Programs subject to ILAN Program Terms. Such verification will be
conducted in a manner that minimizes disruption to Licensee's business, and may
be conducted on Licensee's premises, during normal business hours. IBM may use
an independent auditor to assist with such verification, provided IBM has a
written confidentiality agreement in place with such auditor.

11.2 Resolution

IBM will notify Licensee in writing if any such verification indicates that
Licensee has used any Program in excess of its Authorized Use or is otherwise
not in compliance with the ILAN Program Terms. Licensee agrees to promptly pay
directly to IBM the charges that IBM specifies in an invoice for 1) any such
excess use, 2) support for such excess use for the lesser of the duration of
such excess use or two years, and 3) any additional charges and other
liabilities determined as a result of such verification.

12. Third Party Notices

The Program may include third party code that IBM, not the third party,
licenses to Licensee under this Agreement. Notices, if any, for the third party
code ("Third Party Notices") are included for Licensee's information only.
These notices can be found in the Program's NOTICES file(s). Information on how
to obtain source code for certain third party code can be found in the Third
Party Notices. If in the Third Party Notices IBM identifies third party code as
"Modifiable Third Party Code," IBM authorizes Licensee to 1) modify the
Modifiable Third Party Code and 2) reverse engineer the Program modules that
directly interface with the Modifiable Third Party Code provided that it is
only for the purpose of debugging Licensee's modifications to such third party
code. IBM's service and support obligations, if any, apply only to the
unmodified Program.

13. General

a. Nothing in this Agreement affects any statutory rights of consumers that
cannot be waived or limited by contract.

b. For Programs IBM provides to Licensee in tangible form, IBM fulfills its
shipping and delivery obligations upon the delivery of such Programs to the
IBM-designated carrier, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Licensee and
IBM.

c. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable,
the remaining provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect.

d. Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable export and import laws and
regulations, including U.S. embargo and sanctions regulations and prohibitions
on export for certain end uses or to certain users.

e. Licensee authorizes International Business Machines Corporation and its
subsidiaries (and their successors and assigns, contractors and IBM Business
Partners) to store and use Licensee's business contact information wherever
they do business, in connection with IBM products and services, or in
furtherance of IBM's business relationship with Licensee.

f. Each party will allow the other reasonable opportunity to comply before it
claims that the other has not met its obligations under this Agreement. The
parties will attempt in good faith to resolve all disputes, disagreements, or
claims between the parties relating to this Agreement.

g. Unless otherwise required by applicable law without the possibility of
contractual waiver or limitation: 1) neither party will bring a legal action,
regardless of form, for any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement
more than two years after the cause of action arose; and 2) upon the expiration
of such time limit, any such claim and all respective rights related to the
claim lapse.

h. Neither Licensee nor IBM is responsible for failure to fulfill any
obligations due to causes beyond its control.

i. No right or cause of action for any third party is created by this
Agreement, nor is IBM responsible for any third party claims against Licensee,
except as permitted in Subsection 10.1 (Items for Which IBM May Be Liable)
above for bodily injury (including death) or damage to real or tangible
personal property for which IBM is legally liable to that third party.

j. In entering into this Agreement, neither party is relying on any
representation not specified in this Agreement, including but not limited to
any representation concerning: 1) the performance or function of the Program;
2) the experiences or recommendations of other parties; or 3) any results or
savings that Licensee may achieve.

k. IBM has signed agreements with certain organizations (called "IBM Business
Partners") to promote, market, and support certain Programs. IBM Business
Partners remain independent and separate from IBM. IBM is not responsible for
the actions or statements of IBM Business Partners or obligations they have to
Licensee.

l. The license and intellectual property indemnification terms of Licensee's
other agreements with IBM (such as the IBM Customer Agreement) do not apply to
Program licenses granted under this Agreement.

m. Both parties agree that all information exchanged is nonconfidential. If
either party requires the exchange of confidential information, it will be made
under a signed confidentiality agreement.

14. Geographic Scope and Governing Law

14.1 Governing Law

Both parties agree to the application of the laws of the country in which
Licensee obtained the Program license to govern, interpret, and enforce all of
Licensee's and IBM's respective rights, duties, and obligations arising from,
or relating in any manner to, the subject matter of this Agreement, without
regard to conflict of law principles.

The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
does not apply.

14.2 Jurisdiction

All rights, duties, and obligations are subject to the courts of the country in
which Licensee obtained the Program license.

Part 2 - Country-unique Terms

For licenses granted in the countries specified below, the following terms
replace or modify the referenced terms in Part 1. All terms in Part 1 that are
not changed by these amendments remain unchanged and in effect. This Part 2 is
organized as follows:

* Multiple country amendments to Part 1, Section 14 (Governing Law and
Jurisdiction);

* Americas country amendments to other Agreement terms;

* Asia Pacific country amendments to other Agreement terms; and

* Europe, Middle East, and Africa country amendments to other Agreement terms.

Multiple country amendments to Part 1, Section 14 (Governing Law and
Jurisdiction)

14.1 Governing Law

The phrase "the laws of the country in which Licensee obtained the Program
license" in the first paragraph of 14.1 Governing Law is replaced by the
following phrases in the countries below:

AMERICAS

(1) In Canada: the laws in the Province of Ontario;

(2) in Mexico: the federal laws of the Republic of Mexico;

(3) in the United States, Anguilla, Antigua/Barbuda, Aruba, British Virgin
Islands, Cayman Islands, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Saint Kitts and Nevis,
Saint Lucia, Saint Maarten, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: the laws of
the State of New York, United States;

(4) in Venezuela: the laws of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela;

ASIA PACIFIC

(5) in Cambodia and Laos: the laws of the State of New York, United States;

(6) in Australia: the laws of the State or Territory in which the transaction
is performed;

(7) in Hong Kong SAR and Macau SAR: the laws of Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region ("SAR");

(8) in Taiwan: the laws of Taiwan;

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA

(9) in Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Georgia, Hungary, Kazakhstan,
Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia,
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan: the laws of Austria;

(10) in Algeria, Andorra, Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central
African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo Republic, Djibouti, Democratic Republic
of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Gabon, Gambia,
Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Lebanon, Madagascar, Mali, Mauritania,
Mauritius, Mayotte, Morocco, New Caledonia, Niger, Reunion, Senegal,
Seychelles, Togo, Tunisia, Vanuatu, and Wallis and Futuna: the laws of France;

(11) in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania: the laws of Finland;

(12) in Angola, Bahrain, Botswana, Burundi, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Ghana,
Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Liberia, Malawi, Malta, Mozambique, Nigeria, Oman,
Pakistan, Qatar, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone,
Somalia, Tanzania, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, West
Bank/Gaza, Yemen, Zambia, and Zimbabwe: the laws of England; and

(13) in South Africa, Namibia, Lesotho, and Swaziland: the laws of the Republic
of South Africa.

14.2 Jurisdiction

The following paragraph pertains to jurisdiction and replaces Subsection 14.2
(Jurisdiction) as it applies for those countries identified below:

All rights, duties, and obligations are subject to the courts of the country in
which Licensee obtained the Program license except that in the countries
identified below all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement,
including summary proceedings, will be brought before and subject to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the following courts of competent jurisdiction:

AMERICAS

(1) In Argentina: the Ordinary Commercial Court of the city of Buenos Aires;

(2) in Brazil: the court of Rio de Janeiro, RJ;

(3) in Chile: the Civil Courts of Justice of Santiago;

(4) in Ecuador: the civil judges of Quito for executory or summary proceedings
(as applicable);

(5) in Mexico: the courts located in Mexico City, Federal District;

(6) in Peru: the judges and tribunals of the judicial district of Lima,
Cercado;

(7) in Uruguay: the courts of the city of Montevideo;

(8) in Venezuela: the courts of the metropolitan area of the city of Caracas;

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA

(9) in Austria: the court of law in Vienna, Austria (Inner-City);

(10) in Algeria, Andorra, Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central
African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo Republic, Djibouti, Democratic Republic
of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, France, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Gabon,
Gambia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Lebanon, Madagascar, Mali,
Mauritania, Mauritius, Mayotte, Monaco, Morocco, New Caledonia, Niger, Reunion,
Senegal, Seychelles, Togo, Tunisia, Vanuatu, and Wallis and Futuna: the
Commercial Court of Paris;

(11) in Angola, Bahrain, Botswana, Burundi, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Ghana,
Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Liberia, Malawi, Malta, Mozambique, Nigeria, Oman,
Pakistan, Qatar, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone,
Somalia, Tanzania, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, West
Bank/Gaza, Yemen, Zambia, and Zimbabwe: the English courts;

(12) in South Africa, Namibia, Lesotho, and Swaziland: the High Court in
Johannesburg;

(13) in Greece: the competent court of Athens;

(14) in Israel: the courts of Tel Aviv-Jaffa;

(15) in Italy: the courts of Milan;

(16) in Portugal: the courts of Lisbon;

(17) in Spain: the courts of Madrid; and

(18) in Turkey: the Istanbul Central Courts and Execution Directorates of
Istanbul, the Republic of Turkey.

14.3 Arbitration

The following paragraph is added as a new Subsection 14.3 (Arbitration) as it
applies for those countries identified below. The provisions of this Subsection
14.3 prevail over those of Subsection 14.2 (Jurisdiction) to the extent
permitted by the applicable governing law and rules of procedure:

ASIA PACIFIC

(1) In Cambodia, India, Laos, Philippines, and Vietnam:

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement will be finally
settled by arbitration which will be held in Singapore in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of Singapore International Arbitration Center ("SIAC Rules")
then in effect. The arbitration award will be final and binding for the parties
without appeal and will be in writing and set forth the findings of fact and
the conclusions of law.

The number of arbitrators will be three, with each side to the dispute being
entitled to appoint one arbitrator. The two arbitrators appointed by the
parties will appoint a third arbitrator who will act as chairman of the
proceedings. Vacancies in the post of chairman will be filled by the president
of the SIAC. Other vacancies will be filled by the respective nominating party.
Proceedings will continue from the stage they were at when the vacancy
occurred.

If one of the parties refuses or otherwise fails to appoint an arbitrator
within 30 days of the date the other party appoints its, the first appointed
arbitrator will be the sole arbitrator, provided that the arbitrator was
validly and properly appointed.

All proceedings will be conducted, including all documents presented in such
proceedings, in the English language. The English language version of this
Agreement prevails over any other language version.

(2) In the People's Republic of China:

In case no settlement can be reached, the disputes will be submitted to China
International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
according to the then effective rules of the said Arbitration Commission. The
arbitration will take place in Beijing and be conducted in Chinese. The
arbitration award will be final and binding on both parties. During the course
of arbitration, this agreement will continue to be performed except for the
part which the parties are disputing and which is undergoing arbitration.

(3) In Indonesia:

Each party will allow the other reasonable opportunity to comply before it
claims that the other has not met its obligations under this Agreement. The
parties will attempt in good faith to resolve all disputes, disagreements, or
claims between the parties relating to this Agreement. Unless otherwise
required by applicable law without the possibility of contractual waiver or
limitation, i) neither party will bring a legal action, regardless of form,
arising out of or related to this Agreement or any transaction under it more
than two years after the cause of action arose; and ii) after such time limit,
any legal action arising out of this Agreement or any transaction under it and
all respective rights related to any such action lapse.

Disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally
settled by arbitration that shall be held in Jakarta, Indonesia in accordance
with the rules of Board of the Indonesian National Board of Arbitration (Badan
Arbitrase Nasional Indonesia or "BANI") then in effect. The arbitration award
shall be final and binding for the parties without appeal and shall be in
writing and set forth the findings of fact and the conclusions of law.

The number of arbitrators shall be three, with each side to the dispute being
entitled to appoint one arbitrator. The two arbitrators appointed by the
parties shall appoint a third arbitrator who shall act as chairman of the
proceedings. Vacancies in the post of chairman shall be filled by the chairman
of the BANI. Other vacancies shall be filled by the respective nominating
party. Proceedings shall continue from the stage they were at when the vacancy
occurred.

If one of the parties refuses or otherwise fails to appoint an arbitrator
within 30 days of the date the other party appoints its, the first appointed
arbitrator shall be the sole arbitrator, provided that the arbitrator was
validly and properly appointed.

All proceedings shall be conducted, including all documents presented in such
proceedings, in the English and/or Indonesian language.

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA

(4) In Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Georgia, Hungary, Kazakhstan,
Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia,
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan: